Bajaj Allianzs Health Infinity Policy comes with new comprehensive benefits at competitive premiums. Indemnity Health Insurance Plan without any limit on Sum Insured. Road Ambulance up to Rs. 5000 per hospitalization. Preventive Health Check Up at the end of every 3 policy years. No prepolicy medical tests up to 45 years of age subject to clean proposal form Preexisting disease covered after 36 months from your first Health Policy. Income tax benefit under 80 D of the IT Act on premiums paid for this policy. Room Rent options under the policy. Policy can be taken for 1year 2years OR 3years. Policy can be opted by NonResident Indians including PIOs Persons of Indian Origin and OCIs Overseas Citizens of India Policy will be issued during their stay in India and premium is paid in Indian currency. The Company will pay the Insured,Reasonable and Customary Medical Expenses incurred subject to certain conditions. If admitted in ICU, the company will pay up to ICU actual expenses provided by Hospital. The Medical Expenses incurred during the 60 days immediately before the Insured was Hospitalized, provided that Such Medical Exp expenses were incurred for the same illnessinjury for which subsequent Hospitalization wasrequired. Relevant laboratory diagnostic tests, Xray and such similar expenses that are medically prescribed by the treat tumultuous Medical Practitioner. The Company will pay the reasonable cost upto a maximum of Rs 5000 per Hospitalization incurred on an ambulance. Claim under this section shall be payable by the Company only when. Such life threatening emergency condition is certified by the Medical Practitioner, and. The Company has accepted Insureds Claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment Point No. 1 or DayCare Procedures section Point. 5 of the Policy. The Company will pay the Insured medical expenses as listed above under Inpatient Hospitalization Treat ment Point No. 1 for Day care procedures  Surgeries taken as an inpatient in a hospital or day care centre but not in the outpatient department. The Company will not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, or attributable to any of the following. Expenses related to the treatment of a preexisting Disease PED and its direct complications shall be excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeriestreatments shall be excluded until theexpiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Health Infinity Policy with Us. After 24 months of continuous coverage, the maximum limit for each claim will be restricted to 100 times per day. List of specific diseasesprocedures is as below. The limit of indemnity will be applicable only for the procedures. The limit of indemnity for each claim will be restricted to 100 times per day room rent limit for the below listed conditions. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first Policy commencement date shall be excluded except claims arising due to an accident. Any dental treatment that comprises of cosmetic. surgery, dentures, dental prosthesis, dental implants, ortho.dontics, surgery of any kind unless as a. result of Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and also requiring. hospitalization. War, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities whether war be declared or not, civil war, commotion, unrest, unrest. Any Medical expenses incurred due to Act of Terrorism will be covered under the Policy. Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or Accidental bodily injury, is excluded. Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor. The surgeryProcedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols. The cost of spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, crutches, dentures, artificial teeth and all other external medical devices. Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure sports. Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent. Equipment of any kind used at home as post Hospitalization care. expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments. Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres. Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support their effectiveness. Medical tests are applicable for members 46 years and above as per grid given below. Treatment for any other system other than modern medicine also known as Allopathyand AYUSH therapies is not covered. 46 years and above Room rent from 25,000 Medical Tests required as listed below FMR, CBC, Urine R, ECG, Lipid profile, Fasting BSL, HBA1c,SGOT, SGPT, Sr.Creatinine, Total Protein, Jr. Globulin, AG Ratio, USG abdomen  Pelvis, TMT. 20 discount on published premium rates to employees of Bajaj Allianz  its group companies. 5 discount is extended for the policies purchased online through websitedirect customers. The waiting periods specified in the Section CI.1 to I.3 shall be reduced by the number of continuous preceding years of coverage of the Insured under the previous health insurance Policy. Cost Sharing applicable if admission in higher room category. The policy covers all hospitalization expenses incurred during the policy period subject to the policy coverage, conditions, definitions  exclusions. The maximum limit of indemnity for ailmentsconditions as mentioned in waiting period A3  A4 will be rericted to 100 times the room rent limit opted for each claim. Copayment will be applicable for claims for both Network and Non Network Hospitals. Copayment as defined in point i would apply first followed by that defined under point ii g 100 times the room rent limit would be not be admissible under the policy. He has opted for a private room with per day room rent of 4000 INR, which is within the room rent limit opted. As per the policy condition there is no copayment up to 100 times of room rent. There is noCopay up to 500,000 INR. Policy copayment applicable on 250,000 INR ij and 20 on the final admissible amount exceeding 500,000. Room rent in which Mr Amit is hospitalized  6,000 InR per day. Total Claimed Amou 692,000 Nt  750,000 INR. Break up of Hospital Bill Room rent 600010 days 60,000. Professional Charges Doctors, Surgeons etc. 300,000c Investigations 100,000d OT, nursing etc. charges100,000e Medicines and consumables 100,00f Internal implant cost 80,000g Other NonMedical Expenses Not Payable 10,000h Total Bill amount 750,00,000 in India. Policy copayment applicable on 146,648 o  p 29,333r Total amount payable by insurer m  q 617,333 per day. If you have not made any claim during the Free look period, you shall be entitled to refund of premium subject to the terms and conditions of this Policy. You have the option of canceling the Policy stating the reasons for cancellation. The Free Look period is not applicable for renewal policies. Claims under other policies may be made after exhaustion of Sum Insured in the earlier chosen Policy. If the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum under a single policy, the policyholder has the right to choose which policy they want to claim from. Under normal circumstances, renewal will not be refused except on the grounds of Your moral hazard, misrepresentation, fraud, or your noncooperation. If Insured has multiple Policies, he she has the right to prefer claims from other PolicyPolicies. A grace period of 30 days is permissible. If the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Annual, Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, the following Conditions shall apply notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy The grace period of fifteen days where premium is paid on a monthly instalments is available on the premium due date. We will not apply any additional loading on your policy premium at renewal based on claim experience. CIN U66010PN2000PLC015329, UIN BAJHLIP21005V022021 13. The insured person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the Waiting Periods, Specific Waiting Periods. in the event of payment of premium within the stipulated grace Period. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception Annual Policy The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a prorata basis, provided no claim has been made during the policy year. The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, nondisclosure of materialfacts, or fraud by the Policyholder. There will be no refund of premiums for cancellations on these grounds. Portability shall be allowed under all individual indemnity health insurance policies issued by General Insurers. Migration of health insurance policies is an option for all policy holders. Policyholders can choose to leave their individual or group health insurance policy at the time of exit. Migration from group policies to individual policy will be subject to underwriting. There is possibility of withdraw of the group policy. Migration shall be applicable to the extent of the sum insured under the previous policy. You can choose among our available similar and closely similar Health insurance products. Upon Your so choosing Our new product, You will be charged the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product. We reserve Our right to do so with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing insured members. All Claims will be settled by In house claims settlement team of the company and no TPA is engaged. Cashless treatment is only available at Network Hospitals. The Companys representative then within 2 hours will respond with Approval, Rejection or an more information. If the procedure above is followed, the Insured will not be required to directly pay for the bill amount in the horriblyNetwork Hospital that the Company is liable under Section A1 InPatient Hospitalization Treatment above. Preauthorization does not guarantee that all costs and expenses will be covered. Original bills and evidence of treatment in respect of the same shall be left with the Network Hospital. The Insured or someone claiming on his her behalf must promptly and in any event within 30 days of dischargefrom a Hospital give the Company documentation. The Insured must have himself  herself examined by the Companys medical advisors if the Company ask for it. eInsured may provide the Company with the attested Xerox copies of such documents along with a declaration from the particular insurer specifying the availability of the original copies. Waiver of conditions i and vi may be considered in extreme cases of hardship. Medical Practitioner certificate to transfer the Injured person to a higher medical centre for further treatment. Cashless settlement letter or other company settlement letter. First consultation letter for the current ailment. Original bills towards Investigations done  Laboratory Bills. We will make payment when You or someone claiming on Your behalf has provided Us with necessary documentation and information. If there is no Nominee and You are incapacitated or deceased, we will pay Your heir, executor or validly appointed legal representative. In the cases of delay in the payment, the Company shall be liable to pay interest at a rate which is 2 above the bank rate prevalent at the beginning of the financial year. The Company will settle the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company will be liable to pay interest at a rate of 2 above the bank rate. Cashless facility offered through network hospitals of Bajaj Allianz only. Policy Schedule, Policy Wordings, Cashless Cards and Health Guide will be sent to your mailing addressmentioned on the proposal form. Senior Citizen Cell for Insured Person who are over 60 years of age. For more details on the coverage, terms andclusions, please get in touch with nearest office of Bajaj Allianz. Policy holders can download Insurance Wallet for one touch access. To update your contact details i.e., Mobile No., Email ID, PAN Card, and Bank Account details, please use chatbot, visit our website.